c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.exe.config
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.exe
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.pdb
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.1.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.1.Core.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.1.Core.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.1.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.1.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.1.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.1.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.1.Core.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.1.Core.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v18.1.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.1.Core.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v18.1.Core.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v18.1.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.1.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.1.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.1.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.1.Core.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.1.Core.xml
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v18.1.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v18.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.Form1.resources
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.exe.licenses
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.exe
c:\users\cdfn3\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomPivotTotalSample\CustomPivotTotalSample\obj\Debug\CustomPivotTotalSample.pdb
